projects/async-modal-ngx/README.md, before:

> Mateus 5
>
> ⁴³ Ouvistes que foi dito: Amarás o teu próximo, e odiarás o teu inimigo. ⁴⁴ Eu, porém, vos digo: Amai a vossos inimigos, bendizei os que vos maldizem, fazei bem aos que vos odeiam, e orai pelos que vos maltratam e vos perseguem; para que sejais filhos do vosso Pai que está nos céus, ⁴⁵ porque faz que o seu sol se levante sobre maus e bons, e a chuva desça sobre justos e injustos.

# Asynchronous Modal for Angular (AsyncModalNgx)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/@belomonte%2Fasync-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)
[![Npm Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@belomonte/async-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)
[![Npm Monthly Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@belomonte/async-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)


This library will give you the means to present an angular component on the screen with the possibility of sending data to it before rendering and will also provide an observable to receive data from this component and know when the interaction with it has been completed.

This library will not offer you style structures, an appearance for the component that will host your modals must be customized in your project.

## Run example
[Open example app](https://antonioconselheiro.github.io/async-modal-ngx/working-example/browser/)

## Installation

`npm install @belomonte/async-modal-ngx --save`

## How to use

You must import AsyncModalModule where you gonna render <modal-outlet>. You can put it in `AppModule` or you can create a module for a complex and customized modal. 

```typescript
import { AsyncModalModule } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    AsyncModalModule
  ]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

To create a modal you must extends ModalableDirective as the example below:

```typescript
import { ModalableDirective } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-modal',
  templateUrl: './my-modal.component.html',
  styleUrl: './my-modal.component.scss'
})
export class MyModalComponent extends ModalableDirective<{ name: string }, boolean> {

  name!: string;

  override response = new Subject<boolean | void>();
  
  override onInjectData(data: { name: string }): void {
    this.name = data.name;
  }

  ok(): void {
    this.response.next(true);
    //  close method will complete the response observable
    this.close();
  }

  cancel(): void {
    this.response.next(false);
    this.close();
  }
}
```

And you can open your modal like this:

```typescript
import { AsyncModalModule, ModalService } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  standalone: true,
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    RouterOutlet,
    AsyncModalModule
  ],
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrl: './app.component.scss'
})
export class AppComponent {

  pressed: boolean | null = null;

  constructor(
    private modalService: ModalService,
    private router: Router
  ) { }

  open(): void {
    this.modalService
      .createModal(MyModalComponent)
      //  the data send here will be received in onInjectData method
      .setData({ name: 'user' })
      //  optional, this will close modal when route changes
      .setBindToRoute(this.router)
      //  you can add css classes to modal root
      .setRootCssClasses([
        'my-custom-css-class-for-this-specific-instance',
        'another-class'
      ])
      .build()
      .subscribe({
        next: response => {
          this.pressed = response || null;
          console.info('data received: ', response);
        },
        error: error => console.error(error),
        complete: () => console.info('modal was closed')
      });
  }
}
```

## Customize a main modal wrapping ModalOutletComponent
Instead put the <modal-outlet> directly in app.component, you can create a component to work as your main modal and embed each modal component inside it, as the example below:

```typescript
import { Component, HostListener, OnDestroy, OnInit, ViewChild } from '@angular/core';
import { ModalBuilder, ModalOutletComponent } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';
import { Subscription } from 'rxjs';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-main-modal',
  templateUrl: './main-modal.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./main-modal.component.scss']
})
export class MainModalComponent implements OnInit, OnDestroy {
  
  @ViewChild(ModalOutletComponent)
  modal!: ModalOutletComponent;

  title = '';
  isOpen = false;

  private subscriptions = new Subscription();

  ngOnInit(): void {
    this.subscribeModalData();
  }

  ngOnDestroy(): void {
    this.subscriptions.unsubscribe();
  }
  
  private subscribeModalData(): void {
    this.subscriptions.add(ModalBuilder.modalInject$.subscribe({
      next: metadata => {
        //  casting from unknown
        const data = Object(metadata.data);
        if ('title' in data) {
          this.title = data.title;
        }
      }
    }));
  }

  @HostListener('document:keydown.escape')
  close(): void {
    this.modal.close();
  }
}
```

```html
<section [class.hidden]="!isOpen" class="modal">
  <header>
    <button tabindex="1" (click)="close()" type="button">
      x
    </button>
    <h1>{{title}}</h1>
  </header>
  <div>
    <modal-outlet
      (closed)="isOpen = false"
      (opened)="isOpen = true"
      [showingDisplay]="flex"
    ></modal-outlet>
  </div>
</section>

```

## Donate
Help me continue working on tools like this one.
There's still a lot of work to do.

Lighting donate: <a href="lightning:antonioconselheiro@getalby.com">lightning:antonioconselheiro@getalby.com</a>

![zap me](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antonioconselheiro/antonioconselheiro/main/img/qrcode-wallet-lighting.png)

Bitcoin onchain donate: <a href="bitcoin:bc1qrm99lmmpwk7zsh7njpgthw87yvdm38j2lzpq7q">bc1qrm99lmmpwk7zsh7njpgthw87yvdm38j2lzpq7q</a>

![zap me](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antonioconselheiro/antonioconselheiro/main/img/qrcode-wallet-bitcoin.png)

Commit message:

incluindo name ao modoal-outlet de forma que possam ser definidos mais de um

projects/async-modal-ngx/README.md, after:

> Mateus 5
>
> ⁴³ Ouvistes que foi dito: Amarás o teu próximo, e odiarás o teu inimigo. ⁴⁴ Eu, porém, vos digo: Amai a vossos inimigos, bendizei os que vos maldizem, fazei bem aos que vos odeiam, e orai pelos que vos maltratam e vos perseguem; para que sejais filhos do vosso Pai que está nos céus, ⁴⁵ porque faz que o seu sol se levante sobre maus e bons, e a chuva desça sobre justos e injustos.

# Asynchronous Modal for Angular (AsyncModalNgx)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/@belomonte%2Fasync-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)
[![Npm Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@belomonte/async-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)
[![Npm Monthly Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@belomonte/async-modal-ngx.svg)](https://github.com/antonioconselheiro/async-modal-ngx)


This library will give you the means to present an angular component on the screen with the possibility of sending data to it before rendering and will also provide an observable to receive data from this component and know when the interaction with it has been completed.

This library will not offer you style structures, an appearance for the component that will host your modals must be customized in your project.

## Run example
[Open example app](https://antonioconselheiro.github.io/async-modal-ngx/working-example/browser/)

## Installation

`npm install @belomonte/async-modal-ngx --save`

## How to use

You must import AsyncModalModule where you gonna render <modal-outlet>. You can put it in `AppModule` or you can create a module for a complex and customized modal. 

```typescript
import { AsyncModalModule } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    AsyncModalModule
  ]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

To create a modal you must extends ModalableDirective as the example below:

```typescript
import { ModalableDirective } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-my-modal',
  templateUrl: './my-modal.component.html',
  styleUrl: './my-modal.component.scss'
})
export class MyModalComponent extends ModalableDirective<{ name: string }, boolean> {

  name!: string;

  override response = new Subject<boolean | void>();
  
  override onInjectData(data: { name: string }): void {
    this.name = data.name;
  }

  ok(): void {
    this.response.next(true);
    //  close method will complete the response observable
    this.close();
  }

  cancel(): void {
    this.response.next(false);
    this.close();
  }
}
```

And you can open your modal like this:

```typescript
import { AsyncModalModule, ModalService } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  standalone: true,
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    RouterOutlet,
    AsyncModalModule
  ],
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrl: './app.component.scss'
})
export class AppComponent {

  pressed: boolean | null = null;

  constructor(
    private modalService: ModalService,
    private router: Router
  ) { }

  open(): void {
    this.modalService
      .createModal(MyModalComponent)
      //  the data send here will be received in onInjectData method
      .setData({ name: 'user' })
      //  optional, this will close modal when route changes
      .setBindToRoute(this.router)
      //  you can add css classes to modal root
      .setRootCssClasses([
        'my-custom-css-class-for-this-specific-instance',
        'another-class'
      ])
      .build()
      .subscribe({
        next: response => {
          this.pressed = response || null;
          console.info('data received: ', response);
        },
        error: error => console.error(error),
        complete: () => console.info('modal was closed')
      });
  }
}
```

## Customize a main modal wrapping ModalOutletComponent
Instead put the <modal-outlet> directly in app.component, you can create a component to work as your main modal and embed each modal component inside it, as the example below:

```typescript
import { Component, HostListener, OnDestroy, OnInit, ViewChild } from '@angular/core';
import { ModalBuilder, ModalOutletComponent } from '@belomonte/async-modal-ngx';
import { Subscription } from 'rxjs';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-main-modal',
  templateUrl: './main-modal.component.html',
  styleUrls: ['./main-modal.component.scss']
})
export class MainModalComponent implements OnInit, OnDestroy {
  
  @ViewChild(ModalOutletComponent)
  modal!: ModalOutletComponent;

  title = '';
  isOpen = false;

  private subscriptions = new Subscription();

  ngOnInit(): void {
    this.subscribeModalData();
  }

  ngOnDestroy(): void {
    this.subscriptions.unsubscribe();
  }
  
  private subscribeModalData(): void {
    this.subscriptions.add(ModalBuilder.modalInject$.subscribe({
      next: metadata => {
        //  casting from unknown
        const data = Object(metadata.data);
        if ('title' in data) {
          this.title = data.title;
        }
      }
    }));
  }

  @HostListener('document:keydown.escape')
  close(): void {
    this.modal.close();
  }
}
```

```html
<section [class.hidden]="!isOpen" class="modal">
  <header>
    <button tabindex="1" (click)="close()" type="button">
      x
    </button>
    <h1>{{title}}</h1>
  </header>
  <div>
    <modal-outlet
      name="headedModal"
      (closed)="isOpen = false"
      (opened)="isOpen = true"
      showingDisplay="flex"
    ></modal-outlet>
  </div>
</section>

```

And then you can call it like this:
```typescript
  this.modalService
    .createModal(MainModalComponent)
    .setOutletName('headedModal')
    .build();
```

## Donate
Help me continue working on tools like this one.
There's still a lot of work to do.

Lighting donate: <a href="lightning:antonioconselheiro@getalby.com">lightning:antonioconselheiro@getalby.com</a>

![zap me](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antonioconselheiro/antonioconselheiro/main/img/qrcode-wallet-lighting.png)

Bitcoin onchain donate: <a href="bitcoin:bc1qrm99lmmpwk7zsh7njpgthw87yvdm38j2lzpq7q">bc1qrm99lmmpwk7zsh7njpgthw87yvdm38j2lzpq7q</a>

![zap me](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/antonioconselheiro/antonioconselheiro/main/img/qrcode-wallet-bitcoin.png)
